You think you can marry you if you want to be my bride
If you don't want to embarrass the Gu family
You better
Put away your unrealistic ideas as soon as possible
Oh my god, I'm sorry.
I know I like what you're saying now
It will make everyone misunderstand that you got divorced because of me
And forget that it was the woman who cheated first
But I just like you.
If you like it, you can't wait to let the whole world know.
I can do it if you don't like it.
But please don't hurt my heart for you
Is that okay?
My dad smells like green tea.
Men usually like to taste green tea
Don't play this in front of me
Because you are sick
You roll your eyes too
Let him in.
Take people away
Have less contact with such people in the future
What time is it?
Xixi, let me tell you
My brother has a strong sense of personal territory
He won't be happy if I sneak you here
Brother Beiting has always rejected one surname
I used to think of so many ways to approach him
Rejected by him
How can other women come and go in his house at will?
And so close to him